---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonatyperepo_capability_healthcheck Resource - sonatyperepo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Capability: Healthcheck
  NOTE: Requires Sonatype Nexus Repostiory 3.84.0 or later.
---

# sonatyperepo_capability_healthcheck (Resource)

Manage Capability: Healthcheck
		
**NOTE:** Requires Sonatype Nexus Repostiory 3.84.0 or later.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonatyperepo_capability_healthcheck" "cap" {
  notes   = "These are notes from Terraform"
  enabled = true
  properties = {
    configured_for_all_proxies = true
    use_nexus_truststore       = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Capability is enabled.
- `properties` (Attributes) Properties specific to this Capability type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))

### Optional

- `notes` (String) Optional notes about configured capability.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal ID of the Capability.
- `last_updated` (String) String representation of the date/time the resource was last changed

<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Optional:

- `configured_for_all_proxies` (Boolean) Configure all supported proxy repositories to regularly check with [Sonatype Repository Healthcheck](https://help.sonatype.com/en/repository-health-check.html) for updates by default. Newly added repositories will automatically be configured as well, for as long as this is selected.
- `use_nexus_truststore` (Boolean) Whether to use Nexus Truststore when communicating with Sonatype Repository Healthcheck.
			
  The RHC service works by performing calls to the following Sonatype data services depending on the Nexus Repository license agreement in use. 
  Network administrators need to allow these URLs through their network firewall to receive updates. 
  - https://rhc-pro.sonatype.com
  - https://rhc.sonatype.com

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import an existing Healthcheck Capability into Terraform State.
#
# NOTE: The CAPABILITY_ID can be obtained from the datasource.

# Example
terraform import sonatyperepo_capability_healthcheck.cap CAPABILITY_ID
```
