---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonatyperepo_system_config_ldap_connection Resource - sonatyperepo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage an LDAP connection.
  WARNING: This does not work against Sonatype Nexus Repository 3.88.x - 3.89.0 due to a known bug in these versions.
---

# sonatyperepo_system_config_ldap_connection (Resource)

Configure and manage an LDAP connection.

**WARNING: This does not work against Sonatype Nexus Repository 3.88.x - 3.89.0 due to a known bug in these versions.**



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_scheme` (String) Authentication scheme used for connecting to LDAP server
- `hostname` (String) LDAP server hostname
- `name` (String) LDAP connection name
- `port` (Number) LDAP server port
- `protocol` (String) LDAP protocol to use
- `search_base` (String) LDAP location to be added to the connection URL
- `user_email_name_attribute` (String) This is used to find an email address given the user ID - e.g. mail
- `user_id_attribute` (String) This is used to find a user given its user ID - e.g. uid
- `user_object_class` (String) LDAP class for user objects - e.g. inetOrgPerson
- `user_real_name_attribute` (String) This is used to find a real name given the user ID - e.g. cn

### Optional

- `auth_password` (String, Sensitive) The password to bind with. Required if authScheme other than NONE.
- `auth_realm` (String) The SASL realm to bind to. Required if authScheme is CRAM_MD5 or DIGEST_MD5.
- `auth_username` (String) This must be a fully qualified username if simple authentication is used. Required if authScheme other than NONE.
- `connection_retry_delay` (Number) How many seconds to wait before retrying
- `connection_timeout` (Number) How many seconds to wait before timeout
- `group_base_dn` (String) The relative DN where group objects are found (e.g. ou=Group). This value will have the Search base DN value appended to form the full Group search base DN. e.g. ou=Group
- `group_id_attribute` (String) This field specifies the attribute of the Object class that defines the Group ID. Required if groupType is STATIC - e.g. cn
- `group_member_attribute` (String) LDAP attribute containing the usernames for the group. Required if groupType is STATIC - e.g. memberUid
- `group_member_format` (String) The format of user ID stored in the group member attribute. Required if groupType is STATIC - e.g. uid=${username},ou=people,dc=example,dc=com
- `group_object_class` (String) LDAP class for group objects. Required if groupType is STATIC - e.g. posixGroup
- `group_subtree` (Boolean) Are groups located in structures below the group base DN?
- `group_type` (String) Defines a type of groups used: static (a group contains a list of users) or dynamic (a user contains a list of groups). Required if ldapGroupsAsRoles is true.
- `map_ldap_groups_to_roles` (Boolean) Denotes whether LDAP assigned roles are used as Nexus Repository Manager roles
- `max_connection_attempts` (Number) How many connection attempts before giving up
- `nexus_trust_store_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to use certificates stored in Nexus Repository Manager's truststore
- `order` (Number) Order number in which the server is being used when looking for a user - cannot be set during CREATE
- `user_base_dn` (String) The relative DN where user objects are found (e.g. ou=people). This value will have the Search base DN value appended to form the full User search base DN.
- `user_ldap_filter` (String) LDAP search filter to limit user search - e.g. (|(mail=*@example.com)(uid=dom*))
- `user_member_of_attribute` (String) Set this to the attribute used to store the attribute which holds groups DN in the user object. Required if group_type is DYNAMIC
- `user_password_attribute` (String) If this field is blank the user will be authenticated against a bind with the LDAP server
- `user_subtree` (Boolean) Are users located in structures below the user base DN?

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal LDAP server ID
- `last_updated` (String) String representation of the date/time the resource was last changed
